README.md, before:

# Hi, I'm Thomas Pazhaidam 👋

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ThomasPazhaidam&layout=compact&hide=Jupyter%20Notebook&count_private=true&theme=default)](https://github.com/ThomasPazhaidam)

## Tech Stack — Languages & Tools
### Languages
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=flat-square&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=flat-square&logo=cplusplus&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=flat-square&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/Rust-000000?style=flat-square&logo=rust&logoColor=white)
### Web & Mobile
![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Native-20232A?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Expo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Expo-000020?style=flat-square&logo=expo&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=flat-square&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redis-DC382D?style=flat-square&logo=redis&logoColor=white)
![DigitalOcean](https://img.shields.io/badge/DigitalOcean-0080FF?style=flat-square&logo=digitalocean&logoColor=white)
### Embedded & Hardware
![ARM](https://img.shields.io/badge/ARM_Cortex--M-0091BD?style=flat-square&logo=arm&logoColor=white)
![ESP32](https://img.shields.io/badge/ESP32-E7352C?style=flat-square&logo=espressif&logoColor=white)
![Arduino](https://img.shields.io/badge/Arduino-00979D?style=flat-square&logo=arduino&logoColor=white)
![Xilinx](https://img.shields.io/badge/Xilinx-EE0000?style=flat-square&logo=xilinx&logoColor=white)
### Systems & Networking
![TCP/IP](https://img.shields.io/badge/TCP/IP-000000?style=flat-square)
![Client–Server](https://img.shields.io/badge/Client--Server-000000?style=flat-square)
![P2P](https://img.shields.io/badge/P2P_Networking-000000?style=flat-square)
![Network Security](https://img.shields.io/badge/Network_Security-000000?style=flat-square)
### Tools
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![Make](https://img.shields.io/badge/Make-000000?style=flat-square)
![npm](https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-CB3837?style=flat-square&logo=npm&logoColor=white)
![Cargo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cargo-000000?style=flat-square&logo=rust&logoColor=white)

## Highlights — Selected Projects
- [Inventory-Management-System](https://github.com/ThomasPazhaidam/Inventory-Management-System) — JS project for inventory management (JavaScript)  
- [Shopping-List-Recipe-Curator](https://github.com/ThomasPazhaidam/Shopping-List-Recipe-Curator) — TypeScript app (TypeScript)


## Domains & Interests
- Web + mobile apps (full-stack + frontend)
- Rust and systems programming
- Embedded systems / firmware development
- Networking, sockets, P2P and client-server systems
- Network security

## Contact
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-ThomasPazhaidam-black?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/ThomasPazhaidam)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect-blue?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/thomas-pazhaidam/)


___

Commit message:

Revise project descriptions in README.md
Updated project descriptions for clarity and detail.

README.md, after:

# Hi, I'm Thomas Pazhaidam 👋

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ThomasPazhaidam&layout=compact&hide=Jupyter%20Notebook&count_private=true&theme=default)](https://github.com/ThomasPazhaidam)

## Tech Stack — Languages & Tools
### Languages
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=flat-square&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=flat-square&logo=cplusplus&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=flat-square&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/Rust-000000?style=flat-square&logo=rust&logoColor=white)
### Web & Mobile
![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Native-20232A?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Expo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Expo-000020?style=flat-square&logo=expo&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=flat-square&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redis-DC382D?style=flat-square&logo=redis&logoColor=white)
![DigitalOcean](https://img.shields.io/badge/DigitalOcean-0080FF?style=flat-square&logo=digitalocean&logoColor=white)
### Embedded & Hardware
![ARM](https://img.shields.io/badge/ARM_Cortex--M-0091BD?style=flat-square&logo=arm&logoColor=white)
![ESP32](https://img.shields.io/badge/ESP32-E7352C?style=flat-square&logo=espressif&logoColor=white)
![Arduino](https://img.shields.io/badge/Arduino-00979D?style=flat-square&logo=arduino&logoColor=white)
![Xilinx](https://img.shields.io/badge/Xilinx-EE0000?style=flat-square&logo=xilinx&logoColor=white)
### Systems & Networking
![TCP/IP](https://img.shields.io/badge/TCP/IP-000000?style=flat-square)
![Client–Server](https://img.shields.io/badge/Client--Server-000000?style=flat-square)
![P2P](https://img.shields.io/badge/P2P_Networking-000000?style=flat-square)
![Network Security](https://img.shields.io/badge/Network_Security-000000?style=flat-square)
### Tools
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![Make](https://img.shields.io/badge/Make-000000?style=flat-square)
![npm](https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-CB3837?style=flat-square&logo=npm&logoColor=white)
![Cargo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cargo-000000?style=flat-square&logo=rust&logoColor=white)

## Highlights — Selected Projects
- [Inventory-Management-System](https://github.com/ThomasPazhaidam/Inventory-Management-System) — Cloud computing service stack consisting of a Docker Swarm configuration with backend, PostgreSQL, and Redis containers deployed across a cluster.
- [Shopping-List-Recipe-Curator](https://github.com/ThomasPazhaidam/Shopping-List-Recipe-Curator) — mobile recipe app for Android and iOS


## Domains & Interests
- Web + mobile apps (full-stack + frontend)
- Rust and systems programming
- Embedded systems / firmware development
- Networking, sockets, P2P and client-server systems
- Network security

## Contact
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-ThomasPazhaidam-black?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/ThomasPazhaidam)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect-blue?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/thomas-pazhaidam/)


___
